Add npm run start KB Item (#1846)
zeit/docs: pages/knowledge/npm-run-start-not-working.mdx

import Layout from '~/components/layout/knowledge'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Why does npm run start not work on Vercel?',
  description:
    'Information on why commands that start servers may not work with Vercel.',
  editUrl: 'pages/knowledge/npm-run-start-not-working.mdx',
  url: '/knowledge/npm-run-start-not-working',
  published: '2020-05-21T18:54:36.000Z',
  lastEdited: '2020-05-13T18:54:36.000Z'
}

When deploying your application with Vercel you are prompted for a build command. This command is intended to build your application to generate frontend assets that can be served by the Vercel CDN.

## No Running Servers

If your build command is `npm run start`, `node app.js`, `nodemon server.js`, or similar, it is likely you are trying to start a server for your application.

The Vercel platform is serverless and designed for static frontends and [Serverless Functions](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/introduction). **There is no running server**.

As a result of this, if you are trying to start a server, you are likely to run into difficulties either with your application not starting, or unexpected behavior.

## Serverless Functions

> As an alernative to running a server, Vercel allows you to create Serverless Functions, these can be used to execute logic on the server side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to running a server, Vercel allows you to create Serverless Functions, which can be used to execute logic on the server side.
```

> Serverless Functions are stateless and event-driven, this means that they are created to respond to a request and no longer exist once the response has been sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Functions are stateless and event-driven, which means that they are created to respond to a request and will no longer exist once the response has been sent.
```

> Therefore, it is not possible to store state in-between requests, any data that needs to be persisted must be stored in a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, it is not possible to store state in-between requests. Any data that needs to be persisted must be stored in a database.
```
